net		This is the sockets functions found in ICI and
		made into a module. This allows you to build
		ICI without sockets support and still write
		programs that access networking functions.

sys		System calls. Again extracted from ici.
		
posix		A collection of Posix system calls and library
		functions not implemented in ICI. This is not
		a single module but consists of several individual
		functions that are automatically loaded when
		referenced. This is so the calls resemble the
		system call functions directly available in ICI.
		This module is deprecated as the direct system
		call functions are to be removed from ICI at
		some future stage and the sys module used for
		all system call accesses.

str		String processing functions that aren't in ici
		but need to be fast so are coded in C.

cgi		An ICI-only module providing functions useful
		for writing CGI scripts for web servers. Provides
		functions for generating reply headers, parsing
		query strings, etc...

html		A collection of functions for ouputting HTML.
		Useful in conjunction with the CGI module. This
		too is an ICI-only module.

xml		An interface to James Clark's ``expat'' XML parser
		allowing ICI programs to read and process XML encoded
		data. Includes an ici layer for DOM-like representation
		of XML encoded data structures in memory or use the
		SAX i/f provided by expat.

serialisation	Two new functions for ICI, save() and restore(),
		that allow nearly all objects to be transferred
		as bytes streams using ICI files. Can be used
		to archive objects and transfer functions or
		data between interpreters. When combined with
		network connections this can be used to provide
		a environment for mobile programs or simplifies
		protocol implementation through automatic marshalling
		and demarshalling of complex data structures.

ps		An ICI-only module to generate PostScript output.
		Not complete at all but very easy to add to and
		expand and suffices for simple output.

tcl		A Tcl/Tk module. Binds the two languages and
		allows calling each from the other. Allows the
		creation of programs with Tk GUIs in ICI.

utype		"User-defined types" for ICI. Not really but
		this module lets you create structure objects
		that can control access to the members. At a
		minimum it allows you to rename the type of
		a struct object to allow stricter type checking
		in ICI code. Has been used for a simple persistent
		object mechanism (in conjunction with the object
		serialisation module).

path		A number of functions for manipulating file
		system pathnames. Includes all the old
		favorites (basename, dirname, et al).

X		An interface to Xlib. Contains many functions
		required for most X11 applications. Easily extended.
		Has been used to toolkits, small applications and
		a window manager.

wings		An interface to Window Maker's WINGs library
		and the wmlib routines. Mostly complete but
		needs use to iron out problems.

env		Access the process environment as a struct.

gl		ici binding to OpenGL (via Mesa).

glx		the GLX portion of the OpenGL binding. Something is
		astray with this module and gl in general. Things
		appear to work but no output in the window. The
		same code in C works correctly. The suspicision
		is something related to run-time loading and linking
		of the mulitple modules and possible mixups with
		dynamic libraries used by the gl and glx modules.

dll		Call arbitrary functions in shared libraries.
		Written by Tim Long. Unix ports by Andy Newman.

ppp		An ici module to talk to FreeBSD's user-level
		ppp daemon over its control socket.

gtk		The Gtk C API mapped to ICI.

PQ		An mapping of the PostgreSQL C API to ICI.

shout		An interface to libshout for sending data to
		icecast and Shoutcast servers.

bignum		Wrapper around some of the functions in the
		DEC/Inria BigNum library (included).  Does
		basic arbitrary size integer arithmetic.
